Copy labels as specified by copy_labels_pattern (#314)
korthout/backport-action: README.md

          # These are indicated by a dollar sign and curly braces (`${placeholder}`).
          # Please refer to this action's README for all available placeholders.
          # pull_title: "[Backport ${target_branch}] ${pull_title}"

          # Optional

>           # Regex pattern to match github labels which will be copied from the
>           # original PR to the backport PR.

Reviewer: Let's clarify what happens to the backport labels. Also please note that the documentation generally uses the term `pull request` over `PR`.
```suggestion
          # Regex pattern to match github labels which will be copied from the
          # original pull request to the backport pull request. Labels matching
          # `label_pattern` will not be copied.
```

Please also apply these changes to `action.yml`

>           # copy_labels_pattern: ^severity.*

Reviewer: The examples show the default value. I'd like to continue that.
```suggestion
          # copy_labels_pattern: null
```

Author: Can we still put a "useful" example in the docs?

Reviewer: Sure. How about in the comment which describes the field?
